1. What is HTML?
ans HTML stand for hypermarkup language. it is used to create web pages and web application .
there is html in tags like paragraph ,heading, formatting tags, image tags ,form,dive semantic tags


2. What is the difference between HTML and HTML5?


3. What are semantic tags in HTML?
semantic tags are the tags which have describe meaning of the content inside. there are many semantic tags like header,footer,nav, section, main, article ,

4. What is the difference between <div> and <span>?
div means block level element.it create group of elements. and this take full width of content and it start fron new line
 span means inline level element.and it create group of text and it start from previous line


5. What is the difference between id and class?
id means unique identifier and  it is used to identify a single element on page .also denoted by #
ex. #header{
    background-color: pink;
}

6. What are block-level and inline elements?


7. What is the purpose of the alt attribute?
alt attribute that can be use in 

8. What are meta tags?


9. What is CSS?
CSS stand for cascading style sheet . it make style and layout of web page  and content.


10. What are the different ways to apply CSS?
there are three way to apply css 
1 Internal CSS
2.External CSS
3. Inline CSS

11. Explain the CSS Box Model.


12. What is the difference between Margin and Padding?
margin is space  outside the element  that create space between element and other different element.
padding is space inside the Element .that create space between content and border.

13. What is CSS Specificity?
css specificity is a set of rules. that determine which css rule will be applied to an element .

14. What is the difference between display: none and visibility: hidden?
display:none  means it represent that show nothing for the css
visibility : hidden means that represent that hide the contenet or element  that we applied css.


15. What is the difference between Relative, Absolute, Fixed, and Sticky positioning?
Realative postioning :
 absolute positioning:
 fixed Positioning : fixed position means that cannot be change . that cannot change position.
 sticky positioning:

16. What is Flexbox?


17. What is CSS Grid?


18. What is the difference between Flexbox and Grid?


19. What is Responsive Web Design?

Responsive web Disign means that make resposive web design for dekstop view ,tablet view, and mobile view, that help to view how to view in mobile ,tablets.


20. What are Media Queries?
media Queries means that make responsive to website . in this we make mobile dekstop ans tablet 
responsive. 
 like for  

 @media(max-width:768px;){
h2{
    background-color:red;
}
 }

@media(min-width:688px;){
h4{
    background-color:yellow;
}
 }

